@Copyright is in NSL.

# DDS-MT
The Smart DDS real-time monitoring tool (SD-MT) was designed for real-time monitoring of a large amount of data generated from the control network in the DDS. For this purpose, SD-MT is designed to generate a listener code in DCPS Interface using Interface Definition Language (IDL) defined by OMG group. Here, Smart DDS complies with DDS specification DCPS 1.2v, RTPS 2.1v. This design makes it easy to collect the messages.

#Purpose (abstract) we propose a monitoring tool for the detection of middleware errors in Smart Data Distribution Service (DDS) in a naval combat system. Naval combat systems are based on Smart DDS and include various equipment and applications such as monitoring tools, search radar, and communication equipment. Because of this configuration, if there is a communication problem in the exhibition situation, no equipment can respond quickly to the battle. In this paper, we analyze the problems in middleware by utilizing Smart DDS's Data-Centric Publish-Subscribe (DCPS) and Real-Time Publish-Subscribe (RTPS) layers to expedite communication problems. Existing Smart DDS application tools exist but are not suitable for urgent display situations because there is an unnecessary discovery process for debugging. The proposed tool utilizes the discovery process of the DDS and the interface of the DCPS. Because of the simulation, the proposed monitoring tool can reduce the time required for problem detection and provide data for error resolution as compared with existing debugging tools, thereby improving the recovery performance of the naval combat system.

#DDS-MT classdiagram consisting of the User Interface module, Database module, and Domain module. The User Interface consists of PropertiesView and TreeView, which show Entity attribute in exhibition and tree structure, RelationshipView, which shows the Entity relation, TopiclistView, which shows real-time communication status, GraphView, which shows the result of analyzing communication history, and UIManager, which manages each view. The Database module has a DataManager class that allows the data to be stored and read in MySQL. Finally, the Domain module consists of MainSystem which connects all modules, Connector which is connected to VS-DDS, and UserOption which manages user set data.

#DDS-MT, How To Use (1)	Smart DDS Environment To build a Smart DDS environment, we use OpenDDS 3.1v to match RTPS 2.1v and use seven interfaces defined in DCPS 1.2v. Each interface consists of on_liveliness_changed, on_requested_deadline_missed, on_subscription_matched, on_requested_incompatible_qos, on_sample_lost, on_sample_rejected, on_data_available. For OpenDDS to work, Perl is installed, Visual Studio vs2015, is run, the Configure command is run from the OpenDDS folder path in the command prompt, and the environment variables. It is completed by including the SD-DT project in the directory and building the whole project by executing 'DDS_TAOv2_all.sin' created after Configure.

(2)	Smart DDS Interface Code Implement the 7 interfaces mentioned in (1) in the SD-DT Connector class and call the Connector interface in the DataReaderListener and SubscriberListener classes in the 'DDS_TAOv2_all.sin' project, taking into account VS-DDS requirements. In this way, real-time data can be collected through seven interfaces.

(3)	Smart DDS User Interface The GUI that implements the SD-MT User Interface designed. The TreeView shown entities can be checked hierarchically. TopiclistView that displays the status of the messages transmitted and received in real time, transmission/reception time, and QoS. GraphView Analyzes the transmission/reception time of the accumulated messages, and shows the cumulative amount of data accumulated by a 100-message delay and time. RelationshipView checks the schematic structure of entities, and when the state of the entity changes in real time, the color changes according to the type of state and informs the user of the status. PropertiesView allows the information to be checked in detail according to the item selection in the User Interface.
